gh-91247: improve performance of list and tuple repeat (with specialization for n=1) (#91482)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-03-22-13-12-27.bpo-47091.tJcy-P.rst

> Improve performance of ``list_repeat`` and ``tuplerepeat`` by using ``memcpy`` to copy data and performing the reference increments in one step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performance of repetition of :class:`list` and :class:`tuple` by using ``memcpy`` to copy data and performing the reference increments in one step.
```
